Update the doc for TBB cmake usage (#5953)
CGAL/cgal: Documentation/doc/Documentation/advanced/Configuration_variables.txt

\subsection installation_tbb TBB Library

If \tbb is not automatically found, the user must set some variables, depending on the used version of TBB.

> \subsubsection installation_old_tbb Standalone TBB

Reviewer: I do not like the wording "Standalone TBB".
```suggestion
\subsubsection installation_old_tbb TBB 2019 or 2020
```

| `TBB_MALLOCPROXY_DEBUG_LIBRARY` | Full pathname of the compiled TBB debug malloc_proxy library (optional) | CMake |
| `TBB_MALLOCPROXY_RELEASE_LIBRARY` | Full pathname of the compiled TBB release malloc_proxy library (optional) | CMake |

\subsubsection installation_new_tbb OneTBB

> In the OneAPI version of \tbb, Intel provides cmake scripts of their own, and the user only have to set the `TBB_DIR`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since OneAPI \tbb version 2021, Intel provides CMake scripts of their own, and the user only have to set the `TBB_DIR`
```

CMake variable at configuration time. A typical value for `TBB_DIR` is
`/opt/intel/oneapi/tbb/latest/lib/cmake/tbb` on Unix systems, and `C:/dev/OneAPI/tbb/latest/lib/cmake/tbb` on Windows.

> The user will also have to source the `setvars` script that can be found at `/opt/intel/oneapi/setvars.sh` on Unix and

Reviewer: > The user will also have to source the `setvars` script

No. If the user set `TBB_DIR` correctly, there is no need to source the `setvars` script. And if the user sources the script, then `TBB_DIR` is useless.
